no
and
no it's neither routine nor scary
it's exciting in a good way and
basically this is what we are looking for
want to when we're on a tour of
live the greatest things the most
nice things and and I must say that there
since january we have in india
and we play non-stop and we have arrived
in a summer festival period where we
has this chance to play in beds
in pretty incredible places what is
there today it's on the big stage
of the paleo so we just can not wait in fact
we do not have other questions anymore
scary than what not even because
that the disk itself is
musically it is rather worn by
something rhythmic enough rhythmic
and precisely memo even the same ones
most melancholy words are often
wrapped in melodies a lot
more dancing is much more produced
so no there is no there is no search
of suffering on the contrary I am even
rather very happy to live my music
today how life on stage
together it's pippa after for the
writing period
there is no reasoning upstream what
the words I write are those who
come it's not what I'm going
search by calculating how to go
look for them because I'm sad and
happy what I do not have I do not have
had this reasoning in writing these ten
what in the disc where there are some
some refrains that are in English
as if all I said in the
couple and previous synthesize
become a bit universal what it was
more but that too
micky it's been a long time
that has crossed the studio that is
know and that's when I wrote
this song I really wanted to
do this duet with her because of the
song that I had written it was
really an exchange and I knew that I
had to share this song and his voice
seemed obvious to me in fact so
that's me it's been like that
but
wale balance between french english
it's when it comes when it's there
it's there but as I write this
which inspires me what plunges me into
teeth of the ideas I'll find
was never really party music
and even less that of my generation
what are the things that I'm going to
see what in the cinema in the theater
the words I use in my songs
they are really based on my
intimate personal memories I tell myself
not like this text it is well written
I'm interested I want to do
I do not really have this reasoning
there is really something very
raw in my writing words is
the same when I saw that I'm not
musician in the sense that I do not know
the solfeggio of the piano guitar has
really in the ear but are looking for
it's a press search like like
a dance step which is to say I
put my fingers on the keyboard I find
sounds that is I find the following of
it's like that and not two and when we
is in the studio
finally in the memories that I have
with the guys when we're in the studio we
did not listen to other music 20 months
the music that I listen to this purpose he got
a lot of hip hop who what is
rather far from what I do I
I'm not really going into music
others finally I do not have the impression
may be unconsciously even but the
things that will give rise to ideas
it's the one musical instruments and in
facing me or for memo the things that
are in less memories the
evidences like that that go through me
m